h1. BaseGenerators

BaseGenerators tries to ease the pain of starting a new app from scratch by automating tasks with generators. 

h2. General usage

The basic idea is that BaseGenerators provides a way to speed up prototyping. You have two generators. One for the basic structure (first layout (using WebAppTheme), helpers, partials) and dependencies (gems, plugins). 

If you also bootstrap your app with the rails template included in the project, you'll also end up with all the dependencies installed for you. 

The other generator provides a classic scaffold with pagination. See specific notes for usage information.

So, you first create the layout/bootstrap and then create as many scaffolds for your models as you want. 

h2. Specific notes for different Rails versions

So far, it provides them for Rails 2.3 and Rails 3. Sadly, the interface for writing generators in Rails 3 has changed, so for that version everything is pretty different. 

* "Using the generators on Rails 3":http://github.com/lucasefe/base-generators/blob/master/README.3.textile
* "Using the generators on Rails 2.3":http://github.com/lucasefe/base-generators/blob/master/README.2.3.textile

h2. Dependencies

* Ruby Gems
** formtastic
** haml
** inherited_resources
** searchlogic
** validation_reflection
** web-app-theme (only needed for the bootstrap)
** will_paginate
** show_for (version 0.1.3)

* Javascripts Files
** "jquery":http://jqueryjs.googlecode.com/files/jquery-1.3.2.min.js
** "jquery.form":http://github.com/malsup/form/raw/master/jquery.form.js?v2.40 
** "jquery-ui":http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jqueryui/1.7.2/jquery-ui.min.js 
** "jrails":http://github.com/aaronchi/jrails/raw/master/javascripts/jrails.js 
** "livequery":http://github.com/brandonaaron/livequery/raw/master/jquery.livequery.js 

h2. PLUS: Easy bootstrap of your new app! (recommended only on Rails 2.3)

If your starting with a new app, then you can rely on my own rails template to install the dependencies. 
*Warning*: Although it's base on other rails templates, it also includes my personal choices, so you may not agree with it. 

<pre>
  rails -m http://github.com/lucasefe/base-generators/raw/master/rails_template.rb my_new_rails_app
</pre>

h2. Disclaimer

This is a work in progress, so don't complain about it. If you don't like something, contribute to fix it. 

(c) Copyright 2008-2009-2010 Lucas Florio. Do whatever you want. MIT licensed. 